IBX-182: Document templating layout parts (#1385)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/content_rendering/layout/customize_basket.md

# Customize basket

> To customize the look of the basket, you need to overwrite the default template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the look of the basket, you overwrite the default template.
```
Is it overwrite or override? The next article "overrides" shop templates

> To customize the look of the basket, you need to overwrite the default template.

Author: ```suggestion
To customize the look of the basket, you override the default template.
```
